welcome to the America Test Kitchen
today in your 360 eleven and a half inch
frypan we are cooking some tasty hash
browns first pre-heat your fry pan over
medium heat for a couple of minutes pour
a quarter cup of either peanut oil or
canola oil into the pan let the oil heat
for a couple of minutes you'll see a
nice shimmer to the oil when it's hot
test the oil by dipping a strand of
potato into the fry pan if it sizzles
and bubbles like this the pan is ready
now add three cups of shredded potatoes
that have been thoroughly rinsed drained
and patted dry with paper towels be sure
the potatoes are dry because water and
hot oil will cause spattering press the
potatoes down to cover the bottom of the
fry pan season lightly with salt and
pepper and cook over medium heat 5 to 6
minutes depending on your stovetop now
reduce the heat to low and continue
cooking for an additional 5 minutes
until the potatoes are brown on the
bottom turn the potatoes over using a
heat proof Turner you don't need to flip
all the potatoes at once just take it
section by section until they've all
been turned now pass the potatoes
together to make a large pancake shape
cook an additional 10 minutes place the
potatoes on a platter aligned with paper
towels taste reason if necessary and
serve these are nice and crispy and will
be perfect with our pancakes and
scrambled eggs be sure to check out
those videos as well and view our
complete recipes online at 360 cook
we're calm
[Music]